# Reflection Questions

1. In your own words, write down the importance of incorporating authentication into an application. You can take an example application to explain your answer.

Incorporating authentication into an application should be the second thing a developer does, after getting the basic functionality up and running. There is often sensitive information included in just about any service utilized by the average internet user. For example, even a simple recipe application can include vital personal inofrmation such as a grandmother's name (common security question that can lead to data breaches).

2. In your own words, explain three steps you should take to create a login for your Django application.

First, the settings need to be changed to allow for a new directory at the project level instead of any single app, as well as including the auth url. Second, write up a view and template for the login screen, this is very important, as it is what the users will interact with. Third, add the login screen to the urls of the project, so it can be properly called where it is needed.

3. Look up the three following Django functions on Django's official documentation and/or other trusted sources and write a brief description of each.

a. authenticate(): authenticate() verifies a set of credentials provided by a user. Usually, authenticate() will take a suername and a password, and if these are valid, returns an existing User object. If the provided credentials do not match any existing pair, authenticate() will return None.

b. redirect(): redirect() returns a an HttpResponseRedirect-class object, basically, one that send the user to a different http address. In most use cases, the developer provides a url or nameed view, and redirect() sends the user to that page.

c. include(): include() allows a url file to include the urls specified in another location. For example, in the urls file at project level, there will usually be stored the login and logout urls, alongside an include() function for all the urls below project level (at app level).
