## Reflection Questions

1. Suppose you’re a web developer in a company and need to decide if you’ll use vanilla (plain) Python for a project, or a framework like Django instead. What are the advantages and drawbacks of each?

Generally, the benefits of Django are its scalabilty, fixed structure, and fast development. In most cases, if I were to approach a large project, I would use Django. However, that is not to say there are not cases where Python would work better, smaller projects or projects where I would want more control over the structuring would work better in Python than Django, since Django can be more contrictive with its principles.

2. In your own words, what is the most significant advantage of Model View Template (MVT) architecture over Model View Controller (MVC) architecture?

With MVT, you do not need to write code that fetches data from a database, you only need to specify what will be presented to the user and the Template prepares and sends it.

3. Now that you’ve had an introduction to the Django framework, write down three goals you have for yourself and your learning process during this Achievement. You can reflect on the following questions if it helps:

- What do you want to learn about Django?

I want to learn about Django's structure, since it sounds very important to coding in Django.

- What do you want to get out of this Achievement?

I want experience with a Python framework that seems to be used by many large and successful companies.

- Where or what do you see yourself working on after you complete this Achievement?

After this achievement, I hope to be working on my resume and portfolio so that I can start applying to jobs where my experience applies.
