## Reflection Questions

1. Suppose you’re in an interview. The interviewer gives you their company’s website as an example, asking you to convert the website and its different parts into Django terms. How would you proceed? For this question, you can think about your dream company and look at their website for reference. (Hint: In the Exercise, you saw the example of the CareerFoundry website in the Project and Apps section.)

A website is very easy to break down into Django projects and apps. The main site is a project on its own, and each individual system that operates on it is an app. For example, Github, the website would be a project called "Github" and it would be made of many apps such as Login, Repositories, Forum, Pulls, Mail, Dashboard and Profile. Each of these individual apps is its own page on the site, and each operates in a different way.

2. In your own words, describe the steps you would take to deploy a basic Django application locally on your system.

First, of course, install Django. After that, use `django-admin.exe startproject <PROJECT NAME>` to create the folder and files needed. Then, use `py manage.py migrate` to create the .sqlite3 file needed. And finally, you can boot up the project with `py manage.py runserver` and it will start up a localhost server at port 8000.

3. Do some research about the Django admin site and write down how you’d use it during your web application development.

The Django admin site allows trusted users to edit content on the application, with many options for cutomization. This helps web development by allowing a developer to easily edit visible content in a simple format.
