Reflection Questions

1. In your own words, explain Django static files and how Django handles them.

A static file in Django is a file that is both not dynamically generated by the server, and does not change while the application is running. Django handles these types of files through a folder labelled "static", which it references for these unchanging files.

2. Look up the following two Django packages on Django’s official documentation and/or other trusted sources. Write a brief description of each.

a. ListView: This view represents a page of many objects, this page (or 'list') is referred to as self.object_list. Listview iterates through objects that can then be operated on.

b. DetailView: This view automatically iterates through an object, referrred to as self.object, it is meant to use dot notation to grab many different details from a single object.

3. You’re now more than halfway through Achievement 2! Take a moment to reflect on your learning in the course so far. How is it going? What’s something you’re proud of so far? Is there something you’re struggling with? What do you need more practice with? You can use these notes to guide your next mentor call.

How's it going: I feel well on my way to completing this Django project.

What's something you're proud of so far: I am proud of how I have consistently been ahead of schedule for the entirety of this project.

Is there something you're struggling with: Surprisingly, I do not think so, I have been able to do these exercises as asked very well so far.

What do you need more practice with: Working on both the bookstore and the recipe app at the same time can be confusing, sometimes I think I have edited one file when actually I changed the wrong one. It hasn't caused any issues yet, but I do need to look out for the file paths.
