# Reflection Questions

1. Do some research on Django views. In your own words, use an example to explain how Django views work.

Django views can be one of two types, there are Function-Based Views, and Class-Based Views, referred to as FBVs and CBVs respectively. These names refer to how each view is written, which could be either as a function or a class. FBVs are the more traditional way of writing views in Django, they are easy to read and write, but can be more verbose and are harder to reuse or extend. CBVs, on the other hand, being based on classes are fare easier to extend and reuse, though they can be more difficult to read.

2. Imagine you’re working on a Django web development project, and you anticipate that you’ll have to reuse lots of code in various parts of the project. In this scenario, will you use Django function-based views or class-based views, and why?

Class-Based views, they are easier to reuse throughout a project than Function-Based views. Once I get over the initial hurdle in writing CBVs, they will be far better for the project in the long-term.

3.  Read Django’s documentation on the Django template language and make some notes on its basics.

The Django template language allows for dynamic rendering of pages based on changing internal data. It allows for the usage of variables, tags, and filters, with an inclusion of comments as well. This way, a developer can include logic within a page in order to make it change to accomodate alterations in data.
