# Reflection Questions

1. Consider your favorite website. Think about various data that this website collects. Write down how analyzing the collected data could help the website.

My favorite website is the CareerFoundry website. This site collects all kinds of data from its users, its staff, and its administrators. A simple analysis of this data could show just how many users there are, and of what types. For example, it could be used to show that there is a 1:50 ratio of mentors to students.

2. Read the Django documentation on QuerySet API. Note down the different ways in which you can evaluate a QuerySet.

There are 4 different ways QuerySets are evaluated. Iteration, Asynchronous Iteration, Slicing, and Caching. Iteration just executes the full database, for example, print(qs) will show the full QuerySet. Asynchronous Iteration is similar, but it is used in asynchronous functions. Slicing a QuerySet is just like slicing a list, and will return a list in Django. Caching a QuerySet loads all its results into memory and keeps them seperate from the database, when uncached, the QuerySet will likely be different from what is shown in the database.

3. In the Exercise, you converted your QuerySet to DataFrame. Now do some research on the advantages and disadvantages of QuerySet and DataFrame, and explain the ways in which DataFrame is better for data processing.

DataFrames are better for data processing because they have a defined schema of tuples within a tuple, which allows for named columns and data types. DataFrames also allow the user to access them through the column names instead of the index of the tuple, which makes them very user friendly. DataFrame can also register itself as a temporary SQL table and be queried through SQL, which makes it versatile as well.
